Add documentation for GCP Service Classes (#1717)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/service-brokers/gcp-broker-service-classes/google-cloud-storage/docs/plans-details.md

### ObjectAccessControl properties

These are the properties of the **ObjectAccessControl** parameter:

| Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Default Value |
|----------------|------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| **entity** | `string` |The entity holding the permission, in one of the following forms: `user-userId`, `user-email`, `group-groupId`, `group-email`, `domain-domain`, `project-team-projectId`, `allUsers`, `allAuthenticatedUsers`. For example, the user `liz@example.com` would be `user-liz@example.com`. | NO | - |
| **role** | `string` | The access permission for the entity. | NO | - |

### Lifecycle properties

These are the properties of the **Lifecycle** parameter:

| Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Default Value |
|----------------|------|-------------|----------|---------------|
| **rule** | `object` | A lifecycle management rule, which consists of an action to take and the condition(s) under which the action is taken. | NO | - |
| **rule.action** | `object` | The action to take. | NO | - |

> | **rule.action.storageClass** | `string` | Target storage class. Required if the type of the action is `SetStorageClass`. | NO | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **rule.action.storageClass** | `string` | The target storage class. Required if the type of the action is `SetStorageClass`. | NO | - |
```

> | **rule.action.type** | `string` | Type of the action. Currently, only `Delete` and `SetStorageClass` are supported. | NO | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **rule.action.type** | `string` | The action type. Currently, only `Delete` and `SetStorageClass` are supported. | NO | - |
```

| **rule.condition.age** | `integer` | Age of an object in days. This condition is satisfied when an object reaches the specified age. | NO | - |
| **rule.condition.createdBefore** | `string` | A date in RFC 3339 format. This condition is satisfied when an object is created before midnight of the specified date in UTC. | NO | - |
| **rule.condition.isLive** | `boolean` | Relevant only for versioned objects. If the value is `true`, this condition matches live objects. If the value is `false`, it matches archived objects. | NO | - |
| **rule.condition.matchesStorageClass** | `string` | Objects that have any of the storage classes specified by this condition are matched. Values include `MULTI_REGIONAL`, `REGIONAL`, `NEARLINE`, `COLDLINE`, `STANDARD`, and `DURABLE_REDUCED_AVAILABILITY`. | NO | - |
| **rule.condition.numNewerVersions** | `integer` | Relevant only for versioned objects. If the value is `N`, this condition is satisfied when there are at least N versions, including the live version, newer than this version of the object. | NO | - |

## Update parameters

The update parameters are the same as the provisioning parameters.

## Binding parameters

> Binding grants the provided service account access to the Cloud Storage Bucket. Optionally, a new service account can be created and given access to the Cloud Storage Bucket. These are the binding parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binding grants the provided service account access to the Cloud Storage Bucket. You can create a new service and add the access to Cloud Storage Bucket. These are the binding parameters:
```
